Update assumption on lang codes to explicitly reject ISO 639.2 (#1650)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/element-lang-valid-de46e4.md

- This rule assumes that user agents and assistive technologies can programmatically determine [valid language tags](#valid-language-tag) even if these do not conform to the [BCP 47][] syntax.

> - This rule assumes that only [valid language tags][valid language tag] are enough to satisfy [Success Criterion 3.1.2 Language of Parts][sc312]; this notably excludes [grandfathered tags][] or [ISO 639.2][] three-letters codes, both having poor support in assistive technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This rule assumes that only [valid language tags][valid language tag] are enough to satisfy [Success Criterion 3.1.2 Language of Parts][sc312]; this notably excludes [grandfathered tags][] and [ISO 639.2][] three-letters codes, both having poor support in assistive technologies.
```

</html>
```

#### Failed Example 8

> The `lang` [attribute value][] of this `p` element is an [iso 639.2][] three letters code, hence not a [valid language tag][].

Reviewer: How about making this a little more explicit:

```suggestion
The `lang` [attribute value][] of this `p` element is an [iso 639.2][] three letters code. This is not part of the [language subtag registry][].
```

Author: I think we should stick with the "not a valid tag" explanation as we do for grandfathered tags (https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/pull/1650/files#r673783251) (for the sake of consistency). WDYT?
```suggestion
The `lang` [attribute value][] of this `p` element is an [iso 639.2][] three letters code. This is not a [valid language tag][].
```

```html
<html lang="en">
	<body>
		<p lang="eng">I love ACT rules!</p>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Failed Example 9

> The `lang` [attribute value][] of this `p` element is a [grandfathered tag][grandfathered tags], hence not a [valid language tag][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lang` [attribute value][] of this `p` element is a [grandfathered tag][grandfathered tags]. This is not part of the [language subtag registry][].
```
